Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Oh.
Oh. bella.
-Illumination.
-Huh?
Aww.
-Oh.
Huh?
Huh? Puppy? Puppy?
-Sí. sí.
Hello!
-Sí!
Whoa!
Butt?
Butt. butt. Butt. butt.
butt. butt. butt. Butt!
Huh? Hmm.
Oh.
Huh. Hmm.
Hmm.
-Huh?
Puppy?
Puppy!
Thank you!
Huh?
Hmm?
Tsk. tsk. tsk.
Adjust this.
Pressure's good.
Ah. beautiful.
Hmm?
Oh.
Oh! Hey! Oh. no!
-Hey! You little… Ow!
You…
Oh. no!
Huh?
Mm.
Illumination!
-Whoo!
-That was awesome!
Badger Scouts are the best!
We earned so many badges.
-Badge?
Pretty sweet. right?
-Ah!
Ten-hut.
-Hut!
At ease. you weaselly wimps!
Welcome to Badger Scouts!
You think you got what it takes
to earn my badges?
-Si!
Well. show me what you got.
-Here we go.
-Gimme that tent pole.
You got it!
-Ooh!
Now that's what I call a tent.
Here's your badge!
What? What the…
-Aw.
Mm-hmm. Good work. scouts.
-Good job.
-Yes!
-Oh. uh. right there.
-Well done.
-C'est la!
Magic.
-Hmm?
-No. no. no!
Yeah!
Huh! Looks like you finally earned these.
Huh? Oh?
So. how'd it go?
Aw. Here. You can have my Sharing badge.
Ah!
-C'est le me!
Guys! Here.
Whoa!
All right.
you weaselly wimps.
Ten-hut!
No!
-Whoa!
It's showtime.
Oh. boy. Oh. boy. Here we go.
Oh. come on. baby.
I promise you. she meant nothing.
Liar!
Trust me. you won't see a penny
from my father's estate.
How could you?
Oh. Marilyn. you should
have seen this coming.
Please. let's just talk about this.
-Can't we just--
Huh. I wonder what else is on.
What kind of a moron
goes out in public in his underpants?
Hello!
Oh! Wacky neighbor. you're so crazy.
Ooh! Time for my cooking show.
Pinch of nutmeg. hmm.
Oh. that looks delicious.
Ah. Little bit of that.
Oh!
A-ha!
Stand back. Orcs of Mordor!
Behold. Gandorf the Great. A-hah!
You shall not pass!
A-ha!
En garde. Take that!
Huh?
What the…
A little sweet tea for my sweetie?
Harold. what are you doing?
Nothing. So sorry.
I seem to have spilled the tea.
Clumsy of me.
Poison?
Harold. don't come any closer!
Honey. this is just a misunderstanding.
You just stay away from me!
I don't think so.
Leave me alone.
-Not the eyes!
Yes!
Where are you?
Ha!
I'm gonna get you.
You shall not pass!
Mommy!
Behold my wrath!
Whoa!
All right. pal. Move it along.
You're lucky I don't smite you
with my powers. vile fiend.
-So I guess that means you're single now?
-Yowzer!
Oh. wacky neighbor.
Where are your pants?
Illumination.
Ice cream!
-I'm getting a double dip.
-I'm getting a chocolate cone.
Come on. let's go.
I'm getting two scoops of…
Stupid bike.
Ah…
-Okay?
-Okay.
-Must get ice cream!
Oh…
Let's do this.
Agnes?
Wow.
Awesome!
Come on. guys.
I can almost taste it.
-Get out. man.
-Hey.
-Hey! That's my truck!
You good-for-nothing hoodlum!
My ice cream.
My ice cream!
-Oh. gosh. Agnes. wait!
-Whoa!
-Hmm?
-I want my ice cream!
Hey!
Whoa. whoa. whoa!
-No! Look out!
Whoa!
Hey!
-Yeah. Agnes!
-Ah!
This is the best day ever!
Sorry your bike blew up. Agnes.
Oh. that's okay.
I think I like this bike better anyways.
Whoo-hoo!
Whoa.
There you go. There we go.
Okay. We're all set now. Mm.
-Always mess that part up.
Whoa! Are you all right?
Oh. it's that song. Johnny.
Takes me back to dancing and romancing.
Oh. to be young again.
Oh! Come on. Miss Crawly.
it's never too late for romance.
Have you heard of online dating?
Online… No. what's that?
First.
we've got to make your profile.
-What are your hobbies?
-Oh. let's see now.
-I look after the plants and…
-Mm-hmm.
-Uh. I like bowling.
-Cool.
-I like sandwiches and…
-Okay.
Oh! Moonbathing.
"Moonbathing"?
Oh. yes.
it's like sunbathing. but at night.
Wonderful for the skin.
-Mmm.
-Hmm…
Okay. We're gonna need a profile photo.
Okay.
Don't worry if it takes. you know.
a little while for someone to respond.
-What?
-Wow! Look.
-Oh. my!
-Looks like the old gal's still got it.
-Mmm…
-Oh!
Wha…
I… I think this belongs to you.
Oh. yes. thank you.
Beautiful night for moonbathing.
don't you think?
Oh. Yes.
It's wonderful.
Illumination!
Come on. We're late.
Good boy.
-I'm gonna miss you. fuzzy-face.
Don't eat anybody.
Hmm.
-Oh. hello. Miriam.
Hello. Abner.
-Urn. I've come to. you know…
-Ooh!
I didn't know you had a dog.
-He's adorable.
Yeah!
I love this crazy little guy.
I have the perfect thing for him.
So. are you doing anything on Friday?
Yes! I mean…
I mean. no. I'm available.
Bella. dinner time.
Ow! Ooh.
Ah. There you are.
That's much better.
Whoo-hoo!
Geronimo!
Cannonball!
-Come on. Timmy.
-Hurry up!
I can't… I can't do it.
Ah. Timmy. don't be such a weenie.
Yeah. what a weenie.
I blew it.
Oh. Hey there. Timmy.
Why so sad?
Hey. Mr. Mayor.
They called me a weenie.
Why. you're acting
like that's a bad thing.
Isn't it?
Oh. Timmy.
A weenie!
Teeny!
Oh. yeah!
Wait a minute. so you mean…
That's right!
Ooh.
Wow!
Too long?
A weenie!
Hello!
-Ciao!
-But where do we all come from?
A weenie!
Yeah!
Is that Timmy?
Whoo-hoo!
I'm a weenie!
Hmm.
-Hmm.
-Shh!
So. kid.
how'd you like to be an honorary Lorax?
-Come on. Follow me.
Ah!
Seriously!
It's time to release the kraken!
Once-ler! You are doomed.
Oooh…
Oh!
Okay! Now he's really on my bad side.
You know what? You're all right. kid.
I bet when you grow up.
you'll turn out just like me.
You just lost your honorary Lorax status.
There it goes. kiss it goodbye!
Pip!
Oh!
Oh. no!
Oh.
-Phew!
Hyah. hyah! Whoo!
Okay. everybody. time to start.
-Come a little closer.
-Wow.
Who's ready for Elf training?
-Me!
-Me. me!
Hit it. boys!
That's not…
All right. let's train you
for something else.
Huh?
I know the perfect job for you guys.
Oh! Aw…
-Oh.
No. no. no. no!
-Huh?
Oh. no!
No. no. no. no. no!
You've ruined everything!
-You'll never be elves!
-Huh?
-Ow!
-Ho-ho-ho!
Santa's coming!
Huh.
-Ho-ho-ho!
Ahem. your sleigh is all ready. Santa!
Wait!
Trainees. am I right?